fix(curriculum): updated tests and desc for step 8 of music player (#53682)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-string-and-array-methods-by-building-a-music-player/653281af14be5f2055310f8e.md

# --description--

Your music player should keep track of the songs, the current song playing, and the time of the current song. To do this, you will need to create an object to store this information.

> Start by using the `let` keyword to declare a new variable called `userData`. Assign an empty object to your `userData` variable.

Reviewer: Thanks for your contribution. Make this change and I'll gladly approve.

```suggestion
Start by using the `let` keyword to declare a new variable called `userData` and assign it an empty object.
```

Author: resolved
